Publish to npm guide - suggested edits (#217)
withastro/docs: src/pages/en/guides/publish-to-npm.md

Building a new Astro component? **Publish it to [npm!](https://npmjs.com/)**

> Publishing an Astro component is easy and a great way to reuse work across your projects, with others, and with the wider Astro-community at large. Astro components can be published directly to and installed from NPM, just like any other JavaScript package.

Reviewer: This doesn't really make sense. I suggest changing "reuse" to "share".

Reviewer 2: I see where you're coming from! I think the idea is that if you make a component once, then publish it, you (and other people) can USE it all over the place! Even in other projects!

Since we don't hae the word "share" already in this paragraph, I can see "share" being a good word choice here!

Reviewer 2: (oooh, I am probably gonna have to vote for taking out "is easy" -- that's typically a no-no in docs! You can't assume what's easy for people, and it makes them feel bad if it wasn't easy for them!)

Author: In this case you are not sharing your component within your project you are reusing it more than once, sharing in this context is very loose and fast with the language

Reviewer 3: +1 for removing “easy” and using “share” from me. I also get where the “reuse” comes from but “reuse with others” seems off to me.

Reviewer 2: THIS SOUNDS LIKE A CHALLENGE FOR ME TO FIT IN BOTH WORDS.  ;)

Looking for inspiration? Check out some of [our favorite themes & components](/en/themes) from the Astro community. You can also [search npm](https://www.npmjs.com/search?q=keywords:astro-component) to see the entire public catalog.

## Quick Start

```bash
npm init astro myComponents -- --template component
```

## Creating a package

> Before diving in, it will help to have a basic understanding of:
>
> - [Node Modules](https://docs.npmjs.com/creating-node-js-modules)
> - [JSON Manifest (`package.json`)](https://docs.npmjs.com/creating-a-package-json-file)
> - [Workspaces](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v7/configuring-npm/package-json#workspaces)

To create a new package we strongly recommend configuring your development enviroment to use **workspaces** within your project. This will allow you to develop your component alongside a working copy of Astro.

```tree
myComponents/

> ├─ demo/

Reviewer 3: Spotting insignificant details is all I’m good for 😭 

```suggestion
└─ demo/
```

Reviewer 2: Because I don't know what the actual structure is, or how separate demo is.... just checking that it's not this:

myComponents/
├─ demo/
 |   └─ ... for testing and demonstration
├─ package.json

Reviewer 3: Oh yeah! That's right.

Building a new Astro component? **Publish it to [npm!](https://npmjs.com/)**

> Publishing an Astro component is a great way to reuse your existing work across your projects, and to share with the wider Astro-community at large. Astro components can be published directly to and installed from NPM, just like any other JavaScript package.

Reviewer 4: nit: `and to share your work with the wider Astro community at large` (I don't think you'd hyphenate Astro-community? tbh I'm not sure!)

Looking for inspiration? Check out some of [our favorite themes & components](/en/themes) from the Astro community. You can also [search npm](https://www.npmjs.com/search?q=keywords:astro-component) to see the entire public catalog.

> Don't want to go it alone? Check out [Astro Community's component template](https://github.com/astro-community/component-template) for a community-supported, out-of-the-box template!

## Quick Start

```bash

> npm init astro myComponents -- --template component

Reviewer 4: Can you add a `#` comment here to explain what this does?` 

Also, I don't think calling a directory `myComponents` is very common. I might recommend `my-component` or, even better, something that also documents what it is: 

```
npm init astro my-new-component-directory -- --template component
```

also, does `my-new-component-directory` go before the `--`, or after?

Reviewer 2: @delucis @aFuzzyBear Can I please get some feedback on this question re: command line usage here?

Author: Perfect sorry I wasn't overly familiar with this nomenclature,

> npm init astro my-new-component-directory -- --template component

Author: ```suggestion

To get started developing your components quickly, we have a template already setup for you.

```bash
# Initialize the Astro Component template into a new directory
npm init astro my-new-component-directory -- --template component
```

```

```

## Creating a package

> Before diving in, it will help to have a basic understanding of:
>
> - [Node Modules](https://docs.npmjs.com/creating-node-js-modules)

> > - [JSON Manifest (`package.json`)](https://docs.npmjs.com/creating-a-package-json-file)

Reviewer 4: nit: I believe this is called the "Package Manifest" and not a "JSON Manifest"

Looking for inspiration? Check out some of [our favorite themes & components](/en/themes) from the Astro community. You can also [search npm](https://www.npmjs.com/search?q=keywords:astro-component) to see the entire public catalog.

> > Don't want to go it alone? Check out [Astro Community's component template](https://github.com/astro-community/component-template) for a community-supported, out-of-the-box template!

Reviewer 5: do* :smile:

Reviewer 2: D'oh! Did I miss the intention here? I was thinking of playing up the "community support" angle by "not being alone making a package... use the community template"

Is it more accurate to say that using the Astro Community template is like... going off on your own??

Reviewer 5: > Don't want to go it alone?

I was talking about this sentence haha!

Author: This looks really good, apologies for not including this before @Princesseuh it totally slipt my mind

We recommend using `"type": "module"` so that your `index.js` can be used as an entrypoint with `import` and `export`.

#### `exports`

> The entry points allowed by Astro to import your component or any of its files.

Reviewer 3: Slight tweak as `exports` is allowing Astro access rather Astro allowing the entry points access.

```suggestion
The entry points Astro is allowed to import your component or files from.
```

Reviewer 2: I've updated via the NodeJS docs:  

The "exports" field allows defining the entry points of a package when imported by name.

This seems a level of detail comparable to what we have for the other fields. So, now we're deciding whether we like this.  :)

}
```

In this example, importing `my-component` would use `index.js`, while importing `my-component/astro` or `my-component/react` would use `MyAstroComponent.astro` or `MyReactComponent.jsx` respectively.

#### `files`

```json
{
  "files": ["index.js", "MyAstroComponent.astro", "MyReactComponent.jsx"]
}
```

> 

Reviewer 3: What do folks think about removing this? `files` is an optional optimisation to exclude unnecessary files from the bundle shipped via npm, but it’s also a footgun if a beginner gets all this set up, but then later adds a new file without updating this.

> #### `files`
> 
> ```json
> {
>   "files": ["index.js", "MyAstroComponent.astro", "MyReactComponent.jsx"]
> }
> ```
> 

Reviewer 3: What do folks think about removing this? `files` is an optional optimisation to exclude unnecessary files from the bundle shipped via npm, but it’s also a footgun: if a beginner gets all this set up and then later adds a new file without updating this, they might be confused as to why their new file is missing from the npm package.

```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: Interesting. This is outside my area of expertise, but I get the problem and I don't like setting people up for failure.

If this is a common/forseable problem, then what about a statement basically saying just that? Something like:

"This is an optional optimization to exclude unnecessary files from the bundle shipped to users via npm. Note that **only files listed here will be included in your package**, so if you add or change files necessary for your package to work, you must update this list accordingly."

???

Reviewer 3: Sure! That reads perfectly.

I’ve definitely released my share of patch versions where the changelog is “Actually include new file” because of `files`, so based on a sample of one, this is common problem 😂

Reviewer 2: Added! Thanks!
